custom recorder processor doc (#63)
Picovoice/web-voice-processor: README.md

  frameLength: 512,
  outputSampleRate: 16000,
  deviceId: null,
  filterOrder: 50,
};

WebVoiceProcessor.setOptions(options);
```

### Custom Recorder Processor

> **NOTE**: We won't be responsible for any bugs related to using custom-made recorder processor.

Reviewer: move this below the first paragraph that explains what a custom recorder processor does
```suggestion
**NOTE**: Issues related to custom recorder processor implementations are out of the scope of this repo.
```

Take a look at [recorder_processor.js](src/audio_worklet/recorder_processor.js) in this repo as a reference

> on how to create a simple recorder processor. 

Reviewer: Explain what it does? Why someone would want to use this option?
